Improves devel/query usability (#430)
DFHack/scripts: changelog.txt

- `warn-stealers`: warn when creatures that may steal your food, drinks, or items become visible

## Fixes

> - `devel/query`: updates call to deleted function that was causing an error for tile data

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is understandable by readers of the changelog. The fact that the error was caused by calling a deleted function is not useful to tell users. Could you rephrase this as something like "fixed error when [use case]"?

Reviewer: In other words, try to answer the question for the user: "What can I do now that I couldn't do before?"

Author: It is a development script, does that matter here?

Author: As a side note, I don't precisely know all of what this means for using the script. I just found what was causing the error and fixed it, it may have other edge cases than just `--tile`

Reviewer: I think that's ok if it fixes other things too. Rephrasing the message as "fixed error when --tile is specified" is definitely good enough.

Author: ```suggestion
- `devel/query`: fixed error when --tile is specified
```

- `gui/unit-info-viewer`: fix logic for displaying undead creature names
- `gui/workflow`: restore functionality to the add/remove/order hotkeys on the workflow status screen
- `emigration`: fix emigrant logic so unhappy dwarves leave as designed
- `gui/gm-unit`: allow ``+`` and ``-`` to adjust skill values as intended instead of letting the filter intercept the characters

## Misc Improvements

> - `devel/query`: improved usability by informing the user when a query has been truncated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `devel/query`: inform the user when a query has been truncated due to ``--maxlength`` being hit.
```

> - `devel/query`: increased default maxlength value from 257 to 2048

Reviewer: ha, I should probably go back and modify all the example `devel/query` commands I put in the help text. I had added explicit `--maxlenth` parameters because the default was so small.

Author: I picked the number, mostly, out of thin air. I wasn't sure what the longest standard tables users would be looking at would be. What I did know is there are some crazy long tables that really slow down searches.
I presume I can resolve this though, or should I make a note in wherever that doc pr is?
